About the Quiz Game
1.Table of contents
        I.1 Introduction
        I.2 Quiz game developed in c
        I.3 Features of the quiz
2.Requirements
        2.1 High Level Requirements
        2.2 Low Level Requirements
3.4WS & 1H
4.Architecture
5.SWOT Analysis
6.Test Plan and Output
7.Objectives
        7.1 Administrative features
       







Introduction:
A quiz is a form of game or mind sport in which players attempt to answer questions correctly about a certain or variety of subjects. 
Quizzes can be used as a brief assessment in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge, abilities, or skills.

Quiz Game developed in C:
    - This program will maintain a list of random questions & options. 
    - According to the answer given by the user it will check with the true answers. 
    - After checking true answers, it will display the result by true or false with grades. 
    - If false then there is negative marking in the game & if true then the grades/score will be incremented. 

Features of the quiz:
    - All questions are multiple choice question.
    - Each question is displayed.
    - Questions are displayed same for every user.
    - If the user by-mistake presses refresh or go back.
    - A message will be displayed after every attempted question whether the answer was correct or incorrect.
    - If the question is correct they will get the +5 points and the question will wrong no points will given to them.
    - At the end result will be displayed with final score and stars how many won.

Requirements:
High Level Requirements:

      HLR-1 | It should be general Knowledgeble questions
      HLR-2 | It should be no time limit for every question to answer
      HLR-3 | It must be available in all geners
      HLR-4 | It should be graded based that it helps for the users to identify their knowledge
      HLR-5 | It should be users gets points for every correct answer




Low Level Requirements:

     LLR-1  |  It should be reduce the delay for records updation after completion of game
     LLR-2  |  It should be user friendliness in all possible ways
     LLR-3  |  It should be in maintainance changes easy
     LLR-4  |  It is possible to use in schools,colleges,Institutions,and so many places
     LLR-5  |  It should be no negative marking 



4Ws and 1H:

4WS:
    
     W-1  |  It shold be used in schools, colleges,Institutions,and many more places.
     W-2  |  It can be used as a brief assessment in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge, abilities, or skills.
     W-3  |  There is no paticular time to play this game.
     W-4  |  A quiz is a form of game or mind sport in which players attempt to answer questions correctly about a certain or variety   
             of subjects.


1H:
    - All questions are multiple choice question.
    - Each question is displayed.
    - Questions are displayed same for every user.
    - If the user by-mistake presses refresh or go back.
    - A message will be displayed after every attempted question whether the answer was correct or incorrect.
    - If the question is correct they will get the +5 points and the question will wrong no points will given to them.
    - At the end result will be displayed with final score and stars how many won.



 

  Architecture:


SWOT Analysis:

Strengths

User can be create a game at any time
It is used in any place like schools,colleges, etc....

Weakenesses:

It has limited number of questions

Threats:

Details must be correct while attempting the game otherwise loose the points and rating

Opportunities:

It is in multiple choice based game and it is very intresting game



Testplan and output:



Objectives to proposed the quiz game:
    a) To reduce workload of staff or students.
    b) To reduce the delay in processing time.
    c) To reduce the delay in records updation.
    d) To provide the user-friendliness in all possible ways.
    e) To provide greater flexibility.


Administrative features:

    a) Only admin can add questions.
    b) Admin can add questions and modify them until they are not marked as Has been published?
    c) Once a question has been published, it can neither be modified nor can be accessed. Admin can only 
    d) see a list of questions.
    e) Admin can search questions by question text or choice text.
    f) Admin can filter questions based on whether the questions have been published or not.
